## Advanced Satellite-Cellular IoT Connectivity for Remote Asset Tracking

Deliver dual-mode connectivity for any use case.

## Versatility is Valuable

Invest in the flexibility needed to provide asset tracking regardless of location with reliable satellite connectivity and automatic 4G LTE/3G/2G cellular fallback.

- Leverage reliable low-latency satellite connectivity with large message sizes, combined with a global SIM for ubiquitous cellular connection supported by a global network of cellular providers.
- This rugged, environmentally sealed device can be used on both fixed and mobile assets in maritime, transportation, oil and gas, heavy equipment, utilities, agriculture and other applications.


## Cost-effective asset tracking
Ideal technology for monitoring and controlling fixed and mobile assets.

### Flexible Programming
Offers a dynamic programming environment that supports the development of custom solutions, as well as support for ORBCOMM configurable terminal apps.

### Feature-Rich
Multiple I/Os, including analog/digital, 2 RS232, 1 RS-485/J1708, 1-Wire and 2 CANbus. 3-Axis accelerometer and Bluetooth connectivity.

### iconAirtime Savings
Save customers money with intelligent least-cost routing to automatically switch between cellular and satellite connectivity.

### iconContinuous Operation
Build a more practical product with a backup battery that enables reporting for more than 48 hours with 1-minute cellular reporting.

### iconRugged and Versatile
Rated for IP67 ingress protection, ensuring operation in the harshest environments on land and at sea.

- Agriculture
- Fleet
- Government
- Heavy Equipment
- Maritime
- Oil & Gas
- Utilities
